Not all language statements have separate articles (#6349)
MicrosoftDocs/PowerShell-Docs: reference/7.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Reserved_Words.md

(*) These keywords are reserved for future use.
```

> Several language statements, including Foreach, If, For,
> and While, have their own help articles.  To retrieve them, 
> type "Get-help", type the prefix "about_", and then type the name
> of the statement. For example, to get information about the Foreach statement,
> type:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Several language keywords, including `Foreach`, `If`, `For`, and `While`, have
their own help articles. To view them, type `Get-Help about_` and add the
keyword. For example, to get information about the `Foreach` statement, type:
```
